Add Edge streaming docs (#94)
Unleash/unleash-documentation: fern/pages/enterprise-edge/overview.mdx

### Real-time updates with streaming

By default, Edge keeps its cache in sync with Unleash by polling the upstream API at a fixed interval. With streaming enabled, Edge opens a persistent connection to Unleash and receives feature flag changes as they happen. This reduces replication lag between Unleash and Edge from the polling interval to near real time.

> When streaming is enabled, Edge bootstraps its cache from the upstream `GET /api/client/delta` endpoint and then subscribes to `GET /api/client/streaming` for live updates. If the connection drops, Edge reconnects and resumes from the last event it received. While the connection is recovering, Edge continues to serve its last known state to connected SDKs, so SDK traffic is not interrupted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When streaming is enabled, Edge bootstraps its cache from upstream and subscribes for live updates. If the connection drops, Edge reconnects and resumes from the last event it received. While the connection is recovering, Edge continues to serve its last known state to connected SDKs, so edge service remains always healthy.
```
I'd try not to include implementation details here... the fact that we use delta for the first hydration event is (I believe) an accident. 

I'm not so sure about my suggestion in the last sentence, basically I wanted to shift the message from "SDK traffic not interrupted" to something that reflects "Edge service remains always healthy (or your uptime stays up)"

> When streaming is enabled, Edge bootstraps its cache from the upstream `GET /api/client/delta` endpoint and then subscribes to `GET /api/client/streaming` for live updates. If the connection drops, Edge reconnects and resumes from the last event it received. While the connection is recovering, Edge continues to serve its last known state to connected SDKs, so SDK traffic is not interrupted.

Reviewer 2: Personal feeling but I think the details around the endpoints are too much irrelevant detail for overview level information. Up to you if you want to keep it 

```suggestion
When streaming is enabled, Edge first synchronizes its cache from Unleash and then maintains a persistent connection for live updates. If the connection drops, Edge reconnects automatically and continues from the latest known state. During reconnection, Edge continues serving cached data to connected SDKs.
```
